activity_rules.md, before:

# Activity Rules


### **Inactivity:**
 * **Rules:**
   - You should not be inactive for more than 2days.
   - If you are expecting to be offline for more than 2days, you should send a guild mail so that you can be immune from the punishments.
 * **Punishment:**
   - You will be kicked the moment in which the game states you are offline for 2days+
   - You can be let back in, but only in the case of a valid reason and an agreement that if you are inactive for 2days again with no guild mail you will not be let back in again.
 * **Why?:**
   - All members must be active. Activity allows for the guild to grow in many different aspects in which one is might. Also inactivity could make it seem like we are an easy target with leaders sitting out.

### **Monster Hunting:**
 * **Rules:**
   - If one or more persons are online to help you with a monster hunt, you may hit a monster at which you can at least do 50% damage if you were hunting it alone.
   - If noone is available to help you hunt you should not attack a monster at which you can not solo kill. 
 * **Punishments:**
   - If you are caught attacking monsters that are out of your reach (unkilled) 5 times you will be kicked. You may or may not get warnings before you are kicked, however we will try when possible. (Tip: save packs and make sure to finish off monsters)
 * **Why?:**
   - When you leave unkilled monsters it hampers the guilds gift level. Higher our gift level, better rewards we get as a whole.

### **KvK (Kingdom Clash):**
 * **Rules:**
   - You must participate and finish at least tier one of solo war.
 * **Punishments:**
   - If you do not complete the minimum tier required of solo war in 2 KvK's in a row you will be kicked. (Note: will be increased to tier two when activity in KvK is increased)
   - If you get 0 points without an valid reason you will immediately be kicked. We understand real life comes first, just please notify us.
 * **Why?:**
   - More points you get in your solo war, higher the points we get in guild war. Higher tier we get in guild war better rewards we get as a whole.

### **Guild Showdown:**
 * **Rules:**
   - It is not optional for if you should sign up or not. All c9 and higher must sign up.
 * **Punishments:**
   - If you do not sign up for 2 guild showdowns in a row you will be kicked.
 * **Why?:**
   - You do not lose troops and it allows you as an individual and us as a guild see what our actual power is like. Even if you register and become a reserve we can see how many members would be able to participate as more and more are needed as we move up in the gauntlets.

### **Guild Fest:**
 * **Rules:**
   - You must participate and get a minimum of 500 points (Hint: you must do 70+ point quests at 7 attempts).
 * **Punishments:**
   - If you do not reach the point minimum in 2 guild fests in a row you will be kicked. (Note: as we move further up in guild fest the point minimum will be increased)
   - If you get 0 points without a valid reason you will immediately be kicked. We understand real life comes first, just please notify us.
 * **Why?:**
   - More points we get as a whole in guild fest the higher tier we get. The higher the tier we get more rewards we get and better rewards we get.
	
### **Guild Bash:**
 * **Rules:**
   - You must participate during Guild Bash and manage to get at least 10,000 points. (Hint: you only have to be the rally captain of and beat 1 lvl 2 darknest, although it is not the only way.)
 * **Punishments:**
   - If you do not reach the minimum points in 2 guild bash in a row you will be kicked.
   - If you get 0 points without a valid reason you will immediately be kicked. We understand real life comes first, just please notify us.
 * **Why?:**
   - More points we get as a whole higher tier we receive, higher tier we receive more monsters we can spawn, more monsters we can spawn better spawn loot and slayer loot we can receive. 

### **War / Burn Sessions:**
 * **Rules:**
   - You must do your best to participate in any capacity in which you can when we are being attacked or during scheduled burn sessions.
 * **Punishments:**
   - If it is seen that you are fully online (chatting, online more than 5-10min) during the time at which we are being burned or at the time of a scheduled burn sessions more than 3 times you will be kicked. You may or may not get warnings before being kicked, but we will attempt to send them when possible.
 * **Why?:**
   - Generally when we are at war or during a burn session there are always guys in which are bigger than we can take on as an individual and may require a rally. Participation is needed to be able to do a rally. Also on defense it is good to get reinforced or garrisons to help further. We must prove that we are not a weak guild and not a guild easily messed with.

### **Might growth requirements:**
 * **Rules:**
   - Must reach 8mil+ might by 12/9/2017 @ 5:46pm (pst).
   - Must then increase your might by 2mil+ per week until above 15mil might.
 * **Punishments:**
   - If 8mil is not reached by 12/9/2017 or 15mil is not reached by 1/6/2018 you will be kicked. 
 * **Why?:**
   - We have a minimum might of 15mil to join the guild it is unfair to people who are joining above that to see people already in below that.

Commit message:

Quick typo edit on activity_rules.md
Changed the tip on Monster Hunting section slightly to state it is still
better to save packs for events.

Fixed the minimum might requirement are to 5mil+ byt 12/9/2017 instead
of 8mil+might.

activity_rules.md, after:

# Activity Rules


### **Inactivity:**
 * **Rules:**
   - You should not be inactive for more than 2days.
   - If you are expecting to be offline for more than 2days, you should send a guild mail so that you can be immune from the punishments.
 * **Punishment:**
   - You will be kicked the moment in which the game states you are offline for 2days+
   - You can be let back in, but only in the case of a valid reason and an agreement that if you are inactive for 2days again with no guild mail you will not be let back in again.
 * **Why?:**
   - All members must be active. Activity allows for the guild to grow in many different aspects in which one is might. Also inactivity could make it seem like we are an easy target with leaders sitting out.

### **Monster Hunting:**
 * **Rules:**
   - If one or more persons are online to help you with a monster hunt, you may hit a monster at which you can at least do 50% damage if you were hunting it alone.
   - If noone is available to help you hunt you should not attack a monster at which you can not solo kill. 
 * **Punishments:**
   - If you are caught attacking monsters that are out of your reach (unkilled) 5 times you will be kicked. You may or may not get warnings before you are kicked, however we will try when possible. (Tip: save packs and make sure to finish off monsters, still may be best to use packs during events, however.)
 * **Why?:**
   - When you leave unkilled monsters it hampers the guilds gift level. Higher our gift level, better rewards we get as a whole.

### **KvK (Kingdom Clash):**
 * **Rules:**
   - You must participate and finish at least tier one of solo war.
 * **Punishments:**
   - If you do not complete the minimum tier required of solo war in 2 KvK's in a row you will be kicked. (Note: will be increased to tier two when activity in KvK is increased)
   - If you get 0 points without an valid reason you will immediately be kicked. We understand real life comes first, just please notify us.
 * **Why?:**
   - More points you get in your solo war, higher the points we get in guild war. Higher tier we get in guild war better rewards we get as a whole.

### **Guild Showdown:**
 * **Rules:**
   - It is not optional for if you should sign up or not. All c9 and higher must sign up.
 * **Punishments:**
   - If you do not sign up for 2 guild showdowns in a row you will be kicked.
 * **Why?:**
   - You do not lose troops and it allows you as an individual and us as a guild see what our actual power is like. Even if you register and become a reserve we can see how many members would be able to participate as more and more are needed as we move up in the gauntlets.

### **Guild Fest:**
 * **Rules:**
   - You must participate and get a minimum of 500 points (Hint: you must do 70+ point quests at 7 attempts).
 * **Punishments:**
   - If you do not reach the point minimum in 2 guild fests in a row you will be kicked. (Note: as we move further up in guild fest the point minimum will be increased)
   - If you get 0 points without a valid reason you will immediately be kicked. We understand real life comes first, just please notify us.
 * **Why?:**
   - More points we get as a whole in guild fest the higher tier we get. The higher the tier we get more rewards we get and better rewards we get.
	
### **Guild Bash:**
 * **Rules:**
   - You must participate during Guild Bash and manage to get at least 10,000 points. (Hint: you only have to be the rally captain of and beat 1 lvl 2 darknest, although it is not the only way.)
 * **Punishments:**
   - If you do not reach the minimum points in 2 guild bash in a row you will be kicked.
   - If you get 0 points without a valid reason you will immediately be kicked. We understand real life comes first, just please notify us.
 * **Why?:**
   - More points we get as a whole, higher tier we receive, higher tier we receive more monsters we can spawn, more monsters we can spawn better spawn loot and slayer loot we can receive. 

### **War / Burn Sessions:**
 * **Rules:**
   - You must do your best to participate in any capacity in which you can when we are being attacked or during scheduled burn sessions.
 * **Punishments:**
   - If it is seen that you are fully online (chatting, online more than 5-10min) during the time at which we are being burned or at the time of a scheduled burn sessions more than 3 times you will be kicked. You may or may not get warnings before being kicked, but we will attempt to send them when possible.
 * **Why?:**
   - Generally when we are at war or during a burn session there are always guys in which are bigger than we can take on as an individual and may require a rally. Participation is needed to be able to do a rally. Also on defense it is good to get reinforced or garrisons to help further. We must prove that we are not a weak guild and not a guild easily messed with.

### **Might growth requirements:**
 * **Rules:**
   - Must reach 5mil+ might by 12/9/2017 @ 5:46pm (pst).
   - Must then increase your might by 1mil+ per week until above 15mil might.
 * **Punishments:**
   - If 5mil is not reached by 12/9/2017 or 15mil is not reached by 2/17/2018 you will be kicked. 
 * **Why?:**
   - We have a minimum might of 15mil to join the guild it is unfair to people who are joining above that to see people already in below that.
